Add docs for os_log and Event Log (#54353)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/connect-your-client/tsh.mdx

...
```

## Debug logs

Adding the `--debug` flag to a command or setting the `TELEPORT_DEBUG` env var to `1` makes tsh
print debug logs to standard output.

> <Admonition type="note" >

Reviewer: Since this `Admonition` is longer than the rest of the text in this section, I'd recommend either:
- Removing the tags and making the content regular body text (if we expect most readers to benefit from this text)
- Adding this to a `details` element instead of an `Admonition` (if most readers are going to skip this text)

Author: @ptgott I see. I used `Admonition` because I wanted this to be visible (`details` are easy to miss and don't show up when you search the page in your browser) and at the same time make it clear that the commands are relevant only for macOS. Perhaps I should introduce a new subsection instead?

> On macOS, the `--os-log` flag can be used instead of `--debug` to send debug logs to [the unified
> logging system](https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/console/welcome/mac). This behavior can also be controlled through the `TELEPORT_OS_LOG` env var.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On macOS, the `--os-log` flag can be used to redirect application logs to [the unified
logging system](https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/console/welcome/mac). You can also enable this feature by setting the `TELEPORT_OS_LOG` env var to `1`. `--os-log` implies `--debug`.
```

Should we also mention Windows here?

Author: I didn't end up implementing Event Log integration for tsh on Windows, it is supported only in the VNet service. This is because it requires shipping a DLL and running install/uninstall steps as an admin. Both things are something we can feasibly do only in Connect at the moment.
